release notes: deployment env RUM (#1593)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-02-13-rum.md

---
title: Deployment Environment Support for Real User Monitoring
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - real user monitoring
  - rum
  - environment monitoring
  - apm
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We've added the ability to filter Real User Monitoring (RUM) dashboards by deployment environment. To enable this, you'll need to add the `deployment.environment` tag and value that corresponds to your development environment (like `us-west-1`, `prod`, `dev`) to your RUM script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Real User Monitoring (RUM) dashboards now has additional explore level and capability to filter by deployment environment. To leverage this, you'll need to add the `deployment.environment` tag and value that corresponds to your development environment (like `us-west-1`, `prod`, `dev`) as a custom attribute to your RUM script.
```
